chore(docs): add 0.9 upgrade guide (#1512)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/release/upgrade-guide-v0-9.mdx

---
page_title: Upgrading to CDKTF Version 0.9
description: >-
  We changed some provider bindings to work better across all languages.
---

# Upgrading to CDK for Terraform Version 0.9

We changed some provider bindings to work better across all languages.

### Standardize IResolvable Usage [#1299](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/pull/1299)

This is an effort to make sure attributes can be freely passed between resources for all different types.

There is a minor breaking change:

> - `count` on resources and data sources has gone from `number | cdktf.IResolvable` to `number`. If code was previously passing an `IResolvable`, it will now need to use `Token.asNumber()`

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to add examples for other languages.
For example Go uses `Token_AsNumber` I think 😄

Reviewer: You can have a look at the ucloud examples I changed here: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/pull/1499/files#diff-475c889d36864541f858ca1bca543d2f82156137ebdbed3a7e24a88def646e7bR28
They should cover all the languages for the Token.asXy changes

Author: Yeah good pointed, pushed a fix :)

> - `count` on resources and data sources has gone from `number | cdktf.IResolvable` to `number`. If code was previously passing an `IResolvable`, it will now need to use `Token.asNumber()` on Typescript and Java , `Token.AsNumer()` on C#, `cdktf.Token_AsNumber()` on Go, and `Token().as_string()` on Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `count` on resources and data sources has gone from `number | cdktf.IResolvable` to `number`. If code was previously passing an `IResolvable`, it will now need to wrap the `IResolvable` using `Token.asNumber()` on Typescript and Java , `Token.AsNumer()` on C#, `cdktf.Token_AsNumber()` on Go, and `Token().as_string()` on Python.
```
